# base-structure-for-ML-project
The base structure of machine learning project

## I. Directory structure 

```bash
ROOT
├── README.md
├── algorithm
│   ├── README.md
│   └── dummy.algo
├── doc-sphinx
│   ├── Makefile
│   ├── README.md
│   ├── make.bat
│   └── source
│       ├── _static
│       ├── _templates
│       ├── conf.py
│       ├── configs.rst
│       ├── envs.rst
│       ├── index.rst
│       ├── main.rst
│       └── modules.rst
├── etc
│   └── dummy
├── input
│   └── dummy
├── log
│   └── dummy
├── output
│   └── dummy
├── playground
│   ├── env.py
│   ├── playground.ipynb
│   └── playground.py
├── setup.py
└── src
    ├── configs
    │   ├── __init__.py
    │   ├── config.py
    │   └── config_user.py
    ├── envs
    │   ├── Logger.py
    │   ├── SignalHandler.py
    │   ├── __init__.py
    │   ├── base_env.py
    │   ├── base_pkg.py
    │   ├── base_util.py
    │   └── env.py
    └── main.py
```


## II. Description
### 1. `algorithm` directory
The algorithms are here.  
Despite a lot of searches, I couldn't find a good algorithm(pseudo-code) editor.  
So I created a new file type ***.algo** that can be viewed in Pycharm.  
See the details in `/algorithm/README.md` 

### 2. `doc-sphinx` directory
Automatic documentation is assisted by [SPHINX](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/)  
See the details in `/doc-sphinx/README.md`

### 3. `etc` directory
You can put anything in this directory.  
e.g. backup files

### 4. `input` directory
This directory is for input data.  
Mainly, the cached DB data are in here.

### 5. `log` directory
Logs generated by `Logger` are stored in here.

### 6. `output` directory
Output files from the source code are stored in here.

### 7. `playground` directory
Example codes can be executed in here.

### 8. `setup.py`
This controls access to the source codes in `src` directory and has information of the project.

### 9. `src` directory
This directory has the source codes of the project.

#### 1) `/src/configs` directory
The modules in this directory(package) handles the configuration variables commonly used in the project.  
See the details in each module's head comment.

#### 2) `/src/envs` directory
The modules in this constructs the environment commonly used in the project.  
See the details in each module's head comment.

#### 3) `/src/main.py`
This module is invoked in `setup.py`.  
The action in `main.py` is controlled by the command received from `setup.py`.
